Where lies the strangling fruit that came from the hand of the sinner I shall bring forth the seeds of the dead to share with the worms that gather in the darkness and surround the world with the power of their lives while from the dim-lit halls of other places forms that could never be writhe for the impatience of the few who have never seen or been seen. In the black water with the sun shining at midnight, those fruit shall come ripe and in the darkness of that which is golden shall split open to reveal the revelation of the fatal softness in the earth. The shadows of the abyss are like the petals of a monstrous flower that shall blossom within the skull and expand the mind beyond what any man can bear…

There shall be a fire that knows your name, and in the presence of the strangling fruit, its dark flame shall acquire every part of you.

I do not aim with my hand; he who aims with his hand has forgotten the face of his father.
I aim with my eye.

I do not shoot with my hand; he who shoots with his hand has forgotten the face of his father.
I shoot with my mind.

I do not kill with my gun; he who kills with his gun has forgotten the face of his father.
I kill with my heart. 

The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed. 

Time's the thief of memory 

Sister Susie's sewing in the kitchen on a Singer,
There's miles and miles of flannel on the floor and up the stairs,
And father says it's rotten,
Getting mixed up with the cotton,
And sitting on the needles that she leaves upon the stairs,
And should you knock at our street door, 
Mother whispers come inside,
And when you ask where Susie is she says with loving pride.

Sister Susie's sewing shirts for soldiers,
Such skill at sewing shirts my shy young sister Susie shows,
Some soldiers send epistles,
Say they'd sooner sleep in thistles,
Than the saucy, soft, short, shirts for soldiers sister Susie sews.

I forgot to mention that sister Susie's married,
And when she isn't sewing shirts, she's sewing clothes for dolls,
The Singer makes a racket,
And the dog wants to attack it,
So I took a hammer and filled the entire thing with holes.
And now I wouldn't knock at our front door,
And please don't come inside,
And if you see little Susie,
I suggest you run and hide.

Sister Susie's rocking in the corner,
Sometimes she stands still and she will look you in the eyes,
She never speaks a word, but I'm sure you must have heard,
The shameful, short, soft, sobs for sewing sister Susie screams.

Fucking hell there's something wrong with Suuuuuuuusie! 
Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Oh Jesus Christ Susie! No! Please God, no!

Sister Susie's sewing shirts for soldiers,
She sews them from the skin of all the nurses on the ward.
She's a threat to herself and others,
Ate the flesh of both her brothers, 
And the seven, screaming schoolchildren that sister Susie sawed.

The shameful, short, soft, sobs for sewing sister Susie sighs.

Sister Susie's sewing shirts for soldiers,
But I'm distracted by her teeth,
And I'm concerned about her claws,
Her true name should not be spoken,
Or else the seal will be broken,
And her wicked, wailing wendigos will walk upon the world.

Sister Susie leads an undead legion,
They wait for us in shadows and they lurk beneath the floors,
Night and day we suffer,
But I fear more the other,
Deadly, dark demonic dangers that dance outside my door.

Sister susie dancing for the old ones
She spins on bloody sigils she has painted on the floor.
Some say her eyes see through you, now she’s married to chutulu. Her soul belongs to darkness both now and ever more

 Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene
 I'm begging of you, please don't take my soul
 Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene
 We're at your mercy, don't consume us whole

Blackening the summer skies
with flaming wings and countless eyes
please take pity on us all, Jolene
Your smile is like a gaping maw
Your voice, it is a sirens call
I can't survive the sight of you, Jolene

They gibber madly in their sleep
And desperate hope is all I keep
From being like your worshippers, Jolene
For I could never understand
Your power beyond the ken of man
And I will never sleep again, Jolene

Your darkness rends and burns my skin,
Your soul is made of pitch and sin,
Your whole existence - pain to me, Jolene.
The universe\’s screaming scars
Your shadow is the death of stars
Your birth was all our primal fears, Jolene

Your piercing howl, the bane of light
The wolves obey and bats take flight
Your servants now through longest night, Jolene
Cities perish in your wake
Your laughter makes the mountains quake
Your fury is the howling storm, Jolene

From abyssal depths you rise
Mocking mortals' wailing cries
In your bid to end all things. Jolene
Its easy for us all to see
How you'd devour all land and sea
Oh lord we beg you give us peace, Jolene

In ancient dark and shrouded halls
Your evil forms a cloying pall
The bindings failed, God save us from Jolene
Your screech depicts the sins of man
Our time of judgement just began
Our fate is in your awful hands, Jolene

Jolene...

Waves are not measured in feet or inches,
they are measured in increments of fear.

The ocean is an object of no small terror.

There are three sorts of people; those who are alive, those who are dead, and those who are at sea. 

Neither innocence nor vigilance may be protection against the howling heart of evil.
You must teach your children that the ground beneath their feet is the ashes of our grandfathers. So that they will respect the land, tell your children that the earth is rich with the lives of our kin. Teach your children what we have taught our children -- that the earth is our mother. Whatever befalls the earth, befalls the sons of the earth. If men spit upon the ground, the spit upon themselves.
This we know. The earth does not belong to man; man belongs to the earth. This we know. All things are connected like the blood which unites one family. All things are connected.
Whatever befalls the earth befalls the sons of the earth. Man did not weave the web of life; he is merely a strand in it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself ...

The people of your culture cling with fanatical tenacity to the specialness of man. They want desperately to perceive a vast gulf between man and the rest of creation. This mythology of human superiority justifies their doing whatever they please with the world, just the way Hitler's mythology of Aryan superiority justified his doing whatever he pleased with Europe. But in the end this mythology is not deeply satisfying. The Takers are a profoundly lonely people. The world for them is enemy territory, and they live in it like an army of occupation, alienated and isolated by their extraordinary specialness.

A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.

Setting goals is basically, planning celebrations.

Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your mind off your goals.

I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.

There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.

Eppur si muove
And yet it moves

To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.

All your base are belong to us.
You are on the way to destruction
You have no chance to survive.
make your time.

Do not seek after the sages of the past. Seek what they sought.

Most things still remain to be done!

Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.

Numquam magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
There has never been a great spirit without a touch of insanity.

Time is a great teacher; unfortunately it kills all its pupils.

sooner or later you're going to realise just as I did that there's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.

I'd like to share a revelation that I've had during my time here. It came to me when I tried to classify your species and I realised that you're not actually mammals. Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding environment but you humans do not. You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource is consumed and the only way you can survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern. Do you know what it is? A virus. Human beings are a disease, a cancer of this planet. You're a plague and we are the cure.

A ship in harbour is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.

Only after the last tree has been cut down. Only after the last river has been poisoned. Only after the last fish has been caught. Only then will you find that money cannot be eaten.

The frog does not drink up the pond in which he lives.

Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.

If you are depressed you are living in the past. If you are anxious you are living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present.

Why, you may ask, are faces graven on all the pumpkins? Why are grimacing visages scattered about the landscape? Why do they allow you to stare into the eyes of Devil-men without reprisal? What if, by donning such a visage, you bear the face of a being more terrible than those Devil-men from the End of the world?; of a being more terrible than the most terrible of all Beasts? 
How do these faces bring life to lifeless iron and ice? What being is so great that His mere image is enough to conjure golems of weird passion and violence? 
What being is so terrible that even the shambling shells of the dead wear His grimacing visage to honour Him on His holy day? Whatever He may be, the Grimacing God wields inestimable power in this world, and He must be worshipped lest he deign to divulge that awful power upon us. 
Those who know the truth of His presence must praise Him, for to willingly deny the God the honour due to Him is akin to wishing suffering upon oneself, for the God knows which of His subjects are unfaithful. Build an alter in your house bearing His visage. This is a small thing, and will save you great suffering. Praise must be given to His alter once per Moon. 
You now know the truth of the Grimacing God's presence. 
PRAISE HIM.

It is better to wear out than to rust out

Beware any place where they have a name for the wind.

Don't think you're on the right road just because it's a well-beaten path.

To be, or not to be: that is the question:
Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer
The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,
Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,
And by opposing end them? To die: to sleep;
No more; and by a sleep to say we end
The heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks
That flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummation
Devoutly to be wish'd. To die, to sleep;
To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;
For in that sleep of death what dreams may come
When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,
Must give us pause: there's the respect
That makes calamity of so long life;
For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,
The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely,
The pangs of despised love, the law's delay,
The insolence of office and the spurns
That patient merit of the unworthy takes,
When he himself might his quietus make
With a bare bodkin? who would fardels bear,
To grunt and sweat under a weary life,
But that the dread of something after death,
The undiscover'd country from whose bourn
No traveller returns, puzzles the will
And makes us rather bear those ills we have
Than fly to others that we know not of?
Thus conscience does make cowards of us all;
And thus the native hue of resolution
Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,
And enterprises of great pith and moment
With this regard their currents turn awry,
And lose the name of action.
Soft you now!
The fair Ophelia! Nymph, in thy orisons
Be all my sins remember'd.

The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.

Double, double toil and trouble;
Fire burn, and cauldron bubble.
Fillet of a fenny snake,
In the cauldron boil and bake;
Eye of newt and toe of frog,
Wool of bat and tongue of dog,
Adder's fork and blind-worm's sting,
Lizard's leg and owlet's wing,
For a charm of powerful trouble,
Like a hell-broth boil and bubble.
Double, double toil and trouble;
Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Scale of dragon, tooth of wolf,
Witches' mummy, maw and gulf
Of the ravin'd salt-sea shark,
Root of hemlock digg'd i' the dark,
Liver of blaspheming Jew,
Gall of goat, and slips of yew
Silver'd in the moon's eclipse,
Nose of Turk and Tartar's lips,
Finger of birth-strangled babe
Ditch-deliver'd by a drab,
Make the gruel thick and slab:
Add thereto a tiger's chaudron,
For the ingredients of our cauldron.
Double, double toil and trouble;
Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Cool it with a baboon's blood,
Then the charm is firm and good.

The same boiling water that softens the potato will harden the egg.

In order to keep a true perspective of one's importance, everyone should have a dog that will worship him and a cat that will ignore him.

A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words

In Xanadu did Kubla Khan A stately pleasure-dome decree: Where Alph, the sacred river, ran Through caverns measureless to man Down to a sunless sea. So twice five miles of fertile ground With walls and towers were girdled round: And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills, Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree; And here were forests ancient as the hills, Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.

Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else unless it is an enemy.

Why can't I just tell him? 
Because the second I say 'I'm a formerly dead orphan quadriplegic who's the Halo-Bearer for a secret sect of demon-hunting nuns.' He's gone.

We live on an island of knowledge surrounded by a sea of ignorance. As our island of knowledge grows, so does the shore of our ignorance.

Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul, And sings the tune without the words, And never stops at all.

memento mori
remember that you must die

Those who dwell among the beauties and mysteries of the earth are never alone or weary of life.

Far better to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much . . . in the grey twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.

We were two men in a land of stone, and we walked toward the same star. I was happy to be on the Drus, but here as elsewhere, my happiness was to lead a companion. What would a guide be without someone to lead? Good weather, bad weather, easy, difficult, I needed to sing the same tune as he. That was the best gift of our mountains. Climbing to the summit, one man does his job, another is on vacation and the luxury of their efforts is friendship.

Common sense is merely unaided intuition, and unaided intuition is reasoning performed in the absense of instruments and the tested knowledge of science. Common sense tells us that massive satellites cannot hang suspended 36,000 kilometers above the one point on the earth's surface, but they do...

Invictus
Out of the night that covers me, Black as the pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be For my unconquerable soul.
In the fell clutch of circumstance I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance My head is bloody, but unbowed.
Beyond this place of wrath and tears Looms but the Horror of the shade, And yet the menace of the years Finds and shall find me unafraid.
It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul.

She walks in beauty, like the night Of cloudless climes and starry skies; And all that's best of dark and bright Meet in her aspect and her eyes: Thus mellow'd to that tender light Which heaven to gaudy day denies.
One shade the more, one ray the less, Had half impaired the nameless grace.
Which waves in every raven tress, Or softly lightens o'er her face; Where thoughts serenely sweet express How pure, how dear their dwelling-place.
And on that cheek, and o'er that brow, So soft, so calm, yet eloquent, The smiles that win, the tints that glow, But tell of days in goodness spent, A mind at peace with all below, A heart whose love is innocent!